[a11y docn] Update the input-search docn for a11y project (#4846)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/inputs/docs/input-search.md

| Property | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `label` | String, required | Acts as the primary label for the input. Not visible. |

> | `description` | String | Additional information communicated to screenreaders when users focus on the input |

Reviewer: Nit...
```suggestion
| `description` | String | Additional information communicated to screenreader users when they focus on the input |
```

* `inline-help`: Help text that will appear below the input. Use this only when other helpful cues are not sufficient, such as a carefully-worded label.
<!-- docs: end hidden content -->

## Accessbility

- While the component does not have a visible label, the use of a search icon helps make clear what its purpose is.
	- While not required to meet WCAG, this [pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2/supplemental/patterns/o1p07-icons-used/) is a great way to help individual with cognitive accessibility needs.
	- This also allows the component to not have to worry about the contrast ratio of the placeholder text, as the contrast of the search icon meets that criteria.

> - It is important to note that `placeholder` is not a suitable replacement for using `label` or `description`, as once something is typed in, users will lose the context the placeholder provided.

Reviewer 2: Agreed. We could also add "`, and not all users will be able to read it in the first place.`"

> - Using a helper like [`announce`](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/main/helpers/announce.js) to inform screenreaders when search results have been returned helps vision-impaired users to inform them that they can start looking through the results.

Author: So using notifications to inform the user of form submissions is included in the W3C WAI documentation [here](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/notifications/). But whether or not we want to do this as a whole at D2L isn't something that's been probably talked about, at least not in terms of it being considered a best practice. I'd initially had a preface in that line to inform people that it's not something that's mandatory, but could be a nice-to-have, but since some of the lines before it already cover things not being WCAG requirements, I didn't want it to be too repetitive.

> - Using a helper like [`announce`](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/main/helpers/announce.js) to inform screenreaders when search results have been returned helps vision-impaired users to inform them that they can start looking through the results.

Reviewer: Ok, this might be a separate item to discuss with @geurts . I think there's both a design and technical consideration here. i.e. what is our best practice, and the if it's to announce something, how do we do it (`announce` vs visible search result in live region). I'm not sure that's been completely thought out.

> - Using a helper like [`announce`](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/main/helpers/announce.js) to inform screenreaders when search results have been returned helps vision-impaired users to inform them that they can start looking through the results.

Reviewer 2: I think it's good to include guidance even though we don't have a firm pattern at this time. Could we just soften the language like "`Search results should be announced to screen reader users using a live region around the result summary or by using the announce helper`".

(Also, just note that we don't want periods at the end of bullets unless it contains more than one sentence)

> - Using a helper like [`announce`](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/main/helpers/announce.js) to inform screenreaders when search results have been returned helps vision-impaired users to inform them that they can start looking through the results.

Reviewer: Yep, that sounds fine to me.

> - Using a helper like [`announce`](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/main/helpers/announce.js) to inform screenreaders when search results have been returned helps vision-impaired users to inform them that they can start looking through the results.

Author: Got it! I'll use that and also get rid of any of the periods at the end of the bullet points as well, I didn't realize that was best practice, I'll be sure to account for that more going forwards 😄
